---
title: Sec 1 Registration 2024
permalink: /links/students/sec-1-registration-2024/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Students
---
<p>Congratulations on your posting to Broadrick Secondary School to begin your secondary school education. It will be a new phase of your development and we are happy to welcome you into our Broadrick family!</p><p>When you receive your posting to Broadrick, you&nbsp;<strong>do not need</strong>&nbsp;to physically report to Broadrick as we will be conducting our Sec 1 Registration Exercise online.</p><p><strong><u>Online Registration</u></strong></p><p>Please ensure that you have your Parents Gateway app to complete the Sec 1 Online Registration.&nbsp;<strong><em>Broadrick Secondary School </em></strong>&nbsp;will be automatically reflected on Parents Gateway once you have received your school posting.</p><p>To facilitate the ease of communication with parents/guardians, we will be using the&nbsp;<strong>Parents Gateway (PG)</strong>&nbsp;to disseminate important information. We strongly encourage parents/guardians to go onboard PG.<br><br>Please read through and follow the instructions for the online registration. Parents/Guardians are to submit the&nbsp;<strong>Secondary 1 online Registration</strong>&nbsp;<strong>form </strong>below by&nbsp;<strong>22 Dec 2023, 12 noon</strong>. Click&nbsp;<a href="https://form.gov.sg/65823699588e9a0012be311d" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a>&nbsp;to complete the Secondary 1.</p><p>For other relevant information related to the 2024 Sec 1 posting matters, please click on the links provided below</p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Sec 1 <a href="https://www.broadricksec.moe.edu.sg/links/students/book-lists/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Booklist</a></p></li><li><p><a href="/files/2024_FAS_Application.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">2024 FAS Application Form</a></p></li><li><p><a href="/files/Sec_1_Welcome_Letter_1.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Sec 1 Welcome Letter 1</a></p></li><li><p><a href="/files/Sec_1_Welcome_Letter_2.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Sec 1 Welcome Letter 2</a></p></li></ol><p>Thank you.</p><p></p>